hello people to the new video it is
again a little review today
morning lego city müller has the
Number 44 3 2 and is on vacation
then I would say deal take us
now with the things goes with the
mini figures that I take here now
will
this has a wife and another
you can see that and a man already that
I also really liked it a lot
two fish have you realize that
Fish are two fish and of course
another rotten banana here
a banana and the cool extra something to me
The two like it very much
So the two paper baskets here can
to do things and then just
close again or here too
open and here I already have a few
create rotate and close again
I'll come back later for what 's good
Once again we were on it
with the miller dry himself yes deer
and very nice to see it has a lot
many lights
you do not have that and here it has two
I like it very much
and that I also say something now
I really like about the is that the
just give it all up
and then someone comes in and does it
close
also very easy then we go
here a bit to the side sees
you are not that spectacular
here that this is that one there
can reassign a figure that just two
have people seat because they are in front
next to not two people place
we are back on the
On the other side it will be a cool broom
broom to the floor and a whisk
Look was also the garbage to me
has accumulated with the broom on here
to push
Well then I would say here now
Because here it is also very
exciting
I said yes I'll come
Team these paper baskets back without
Hard to say what
for what they are good
when i take off the lid here is
the lid and just press it here
the light did not matter
so now it is exciting i have
me yes here before that he showed
and now I would say I tell you
That's what you do with the wheel
you can can the waste be purely so
just that all over again
comes out now is still a
very exciting theme takes that again
world and just squeezed one or so and
now I'm a bit now can
I give the part misfortune and
quotes the part and live and
I have the last one now
I ask for the bucket
that 's the small review for
lego city to go to the miller
as I have you here again the number location
a lot of 432 and yes if you have these videos
further castle then give a thumb
go up I meat the team
I wanted to continue saying yes
I wish you a nice time
and shoot